After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
https://secret-wildwood-23194.herokuapp.com/


2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/clement-greg/cs313-php


3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.
There is a home page with biographical information about me.  There is a link to a menu page that simply shows a coming soon message.  No special instructions. 
The home page makes a call to a PHP service that returns the current time on the server. The time should update every second.


4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
Everything should be working as expected.


5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
I found creating objects and returning JSON in PHP to be incredibly simple.  

6. What is the difference between an HTTP Get and Post? When should each be used?
A GET request is primarily used to return data from the server to display on the client.  A get request tends to be the most commonly used HTTP verb.
Most of the resources used in constructing a web page (such as the HTML, JavaScript, CSS, images etc. ) are retrieved using GET requests.

A POST request is used when data needs to be sent from the client to the server, usually that data is then persisted on the server.  A typical example 
might be a contact submission form.  The data is collected on the client through html input controls and then posted to the server.  The server can then 
process that data in what ever way it deems necessary.


7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

5


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I spent a good deal of time forming the content for my home page and the menu page.  
