After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
http://secret-wildwood-23194.herokuapp.com/project1/app/


2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
Here is the link for the application front end (in angular): https://github.com/clement-greg/cs313-php/tree/master/spelling-app
Here is the link for the API layer (in PHP): https://github.com/clement-greg/cs313-php/tree/master/web/project1


3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.
The user can create a new student
View spelling lists assigned to a student
Add a new spelling list to a student
View the words on a spelling list
Remove the individual words on a spelling list
The use can quiz the student on a list (recording how well they spell each word individually)
Can view the history of how well the student spelled the word in the paste
Delete a previously recorded score



4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
Delete a spelling list
Delete a student
Add better navigation (ie breadcrumbs)


5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
I got more experience learning PHP and PostGres, both of which I have had very little previous experience with.

6. Why should you create a separate user account for your application to access the database?
If your application uses an administrative account to access the database, that could leave your database open
to attack from a malicious user.  They could do things to you database that you had never intended.  If are 
accessing the database with a user with restricted permissions, that can do a lot to protect your data and infrastructure
in the event of a compromised application.


7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements
5


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I think I have put a great deal of thought into the user experience of the application to make if functional and engaging.

